 Oh Oh, hello, this is Taylor. Thank you, New Year. I am a 26 year old former management consultant recently turned full-time creator living and working here in New York City. And welcome to my bedroom terrace. Guys, I forget every single year just how magical this city becomes when the weather warms up. And I absolutely live for those rogue, random 70 degree days that we'll have in the middle of the winter sometimes. The whole entire city comes out to play in myself included. And today we have another one. Although we're starting to have more and more, I think the season's actually just changing. But regardless, we have a packed day and best believe I'm taking you guys with me. So maybe pack a little lunch, get some water, maybe go to the bathroom, do a change to do. But let's get started, shall we? You don't actually think I leave my house without making coffee first. Okay, actually needed to answer some emails, but we're done. I just signed contract for my next brand deal. Responded to a couple other things and almost finished my coffee. Kind of. Okay. Let's go. Do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do. I love how even though it's a spring I still dress like a vampire. I always will. Wow, what a beautiful day! Everyone's out and about again. Well, today is each of these days, so not everyone's, some people have to work. But you know, a lot more than usual. Obsessed by the way with these blue fire escapes. I think, oh my god, it's so cool. It really catches your eye. I don't think it looks tacky. Okay, prime example of why I love New York when the sun comes out. You just run into friends. What's up guys? This is Harry. Harry's awesome. I know I say this all the time, but it's interactions like this that make New York City feel like a playground for adults. For such a huge city, it is incredibly small and compact at the same time. I run into friends literally all the time and I absolutely love it. It really makes it feel like a huge college campus in a lot of ways. Anyway, Harry and I hung out here unexpectedly for almost an hour. He's the absolute best. We've been friends for like almost eight years at this point. And now please enjoy this montage of Harry being the kindest heckler in the entire world. I'm the one who's the best. You have to take a big run out. Hop in a skit. No, I'm a pervert. We can do it, sir. I can see. He's got a limb rump of it. We've got a hurdle in. We've got a boost. I can leg you. Oh. I'll do it. Why are you not on the other side of the fence? I don't trust her. I'll have to give her a bit of distance. You're British? This is one. She's California. I can hat, sir. I love it. Very cool. Best hat of the day. You're an aqua. Never look at this one. That was so much fun. I'm so glad you guys got to meet Harry. He's a very good egg. We're actually going to take the bus to our next location because when the weather is just nice, I just want to stay above ground. Let's do that. I also think the bus in New York City is so underrated. Bus is really good on some routes. This is the best speed in the whole day. This is the best speed in the whole day. This is the best speed in the whole day. This is the best speed in the whole day. All right, guys. Here we are at the Oculus. This is the World Trade Center Transportation Hub. And I'm all. It's all. We're about to go make a big purchase inside of there at a tech store. All right, but first some quick specs on this bad boy. This was designed by one of my favorite architects, Santiago College Rava. He is a Spanish architect. And I've actually had the pleasure of seeing a number of his works, including the Arson Sciences Center in Valencia, Spain, which is where he's from. I'm going to have to dig up some pictures in the front of there. It was like circa 2019. I had really long, damaged bleach blonde hair. I'll find some pictures. But anyway, here's another one. And I know that this bad boy cost $4 billion to make, which was double the original Estiment Baller, but apparently a pain in the ass for the city. Anyway, he's not even one of my favorites because I think it's super visually beautiful. It is beautiful, but anyway, I just know that he really pushes the boundaries of what is actually structurally possible. And all of his works really resemble like bones and living things and like a lot of spines. Also for reference, it is right outside the World Trade Center, which is this big guy. And ground zero, which we can go take a look at in a few minutes. Here it is. It's pretty iconic. Look at all those little ants down there. Am I right? This is the tech store, if you've ever heard of it. Awesome. I made the purchase. There it is by the way in Allensable Warrior. I will show you guys the purchase I made once we get back home. But first, and it's a cool one. But first, I'm going to show you guys ground zero. This is where the original footprint of the Twin Towers was. And they have every single person's name printed out organized by flight, I believe. And I just think it's really, really well done. I remember finding a YouTube video at some point showing what the life is like of the guys who go down in there and clean it. My YouTube rabbit holes, you know. But anyway, I would recommend coming to see it if you visit the city. Yeah, I think it's very well done. Hello, let's get into it. Oh, okay. So this bad boy cost me a pretty penny. Much like the College Rava building. This also costs $4 billion. But the specs on this are very powerful. Powerful specs. And I realized as I was buying this, this is the single biggest purchase. I have ever made. It's been kind of hard for me in my adulthood to break free of my frugal mentality. But I really am trying to become more comfortable with spending money on the things that really matter. This is a laptop if you guys didn't realize. And I just realized while my computer was crashing a couple months ago, while I was trying to edit a video, technology should not be bottleneck. It's just silly for me to not have the best possible machine for me to do my job. Anyway, that's make a huge deal out of this. But this is exciting. This has 64 gigabytes of RAM because video editing, especially editing 4K footage, which I do. And the more complex the project is with a lot of layers. Like it just takes up a lot of memory. So I really upgraded the memory. I got more than what I actually need because that will future proof this thing. And it also has two terabytes of internal storage. Yeah, the specs can go even up from here. I have a friend who has maxed out specs and that's an $8,000 computer. But this should do. And I'm so excited to use it. Okay, I'll shut up and let's do a little ASMR here, shall we? Ah! I'll give you guys the first hello. Hi! Howdy! Alright, we will play this later. I actually don't have much time to waste right now because we need to get ready. So let's do that. Anyways, we're going to go meet a friend for drinks in the best village. And is it Tuesday, my view? I love my job. Yeah, one of the benefits of being a full-time creator that I actually didn't anticipate is that more often than I expected, am I planning my days around the weather? Obviously, that applies a bit more in the spring and summer. If I'm planning a vlog or something like that, I can do it on a day that I know is going to be sunny and nice like today. And then when I see that it's going to be kind of gross, I can try to make that like an editing day. You know what I mean? An un-ind dissipated benefit. But it's pretty sweet. Yeah! This is the perfume I've been wearing for a few months now. I absolutely love it. Gently bloom. Not sponsored. I wish. Okay, let's go. Alright, just bite to less spillage. And we're heading to another friend. I always say you look like a playground for adults and that's exactly what. Anyway, we're about to get to the bar. It is a little chilly right now. I'm not going to lie, but it's still feeling good. Fives are good. Right, here we are in Leigh and the Street. We're going to pronounce it. You speak French. Landestreet, Pizzeria. That sounds right. Here we are. I'm at my first time here at the West Coast. And this place is super popular. It's always the line up. Right now. Right here. I just got home a little bit ago. What a fun day. I'll tell you more when I get in bed because I still have to shower, take off my makeup, brush my teeth. But then I want to chat with you guys a little bit. I guess one kind of unfun update to keep things real. I think I completely effed up my bed sheets. I washed my really, really nice clean sheets with a black jacket that I wear. I thought I had washed the black jacket before, but this must have been the first time. And so the black kind of stained the sheets. And I don't totally know what to do about it. So that's not fun. Anyway, I'm not going to put them in the dryer because I know that we'll just set this day and I'm going to troubleshoot it tomorrow. But for tonight, I'm going to sleep on top of my throw blanket. And I'm using this T-shirt as a pillowcase. Oh well, that's life. It's a blood shower. People have asked me my skincare routine for a long time. I guess you're kind of getting it now. I've never posted long good stuff though because my routine truly differs in some way she performed pretty much every single night depending on what my skin needs. I'm getting in my little makeshift bit here. I'm going to read my book for a bit before I go to bed, but I was just thinking about today. And it stays like today that just makes me so happy to be in New York City. It really is just the liveliest place filled with the best people in the world. I mean, you know, my friends. And today all I had planned was just a day out on the town, kind of by myself, and bringing you guys along. And then like running into Harry in the park, and then going for drinks later and getting pizza at that place. That was all just totally spontaneous. And I don't know, it's stuff like that that just makes me happy to be in the city. And also just really grateful for this huge career transition and a very part of my life, career transitionary, that's a word. Yeah, this career change has been both incredibly exciting and very, very challenging in many ways. But most importantly, it's been very fulfilling. And for that, I am super grateful. So anyway, thank you guys for spending the day with me today. I know this setup looks a little jank right now. Normally I have really big fluffy pillows. It was super, super inviting bed. You guys saw it this morning. Just remember this morning. But we're keeping it real. Anyway, if you guys made it this far and enjoyed this video at all, please thumbs up, subscribe. It's totally free, and it helps me out so, so much. And I have some really exciting content coming soon that you won't want to miss. So thank you. I appreciate you. Thank you for being here. And until next time, turtle out. Bye. Good night. Ah, it's day hydrated. Wait, I can't laugh. Most of the time I fucked up one of my shots because I started laughing. I actually do have to pee though. Wait, constantly.